README.md, before:

LuaSublime
==========

A collection of various different support files useful for use when programming in Lua using Sublime Text 2.

Installation
------------

These files should be placed into the Lua package directory. For those on OS X, this can be found at:

`/Users/[USERNAME]/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages/Lua`

For Windows, this directory is here:

`C:\\Users\\[USERNAME]\\AppData\\Roaming\\Sublime Text 2\\Packages\\Lua`

Contents
--------

### Syntax Coloring

`Lua.tmLanguage`
`Lua.JSON-tmLanguage`

These files define a language grammar for syntax highlighting lua files. Compared to the one that ships with Sublime Text, you get the following:

- _More tokens_: Things like function calls and variables are now tagged, so they will show up correctly colored.
- _Better scopes_: Most blocks now have some nested scoping support. This means that if you're in an if-block inside a function inside another function, then it knows this. Visually there's no difference, but if you use the expand-scope command then you will find that you'll get far better matches now.

### Build System

`Lua.sublime-build`

This is a build system that runs the current lua file

### Live Parser

`ParseLua.py`

This is a plugin that continually parses the current lua file and highlights any errors by placing a dot in the margin. 

![Syntax Error](http://github.com/rorydriscoll/LuaSublime/raw/master/SyntaxError.png)

Lua appears to stop at the first error, so you should only ever see one dot. The error message will be shown in the status bar.

![Status Bar](http://github.com/rorydriscoll/LuaSublime/raw/master/StatusBar.png)

Commit message:

Add images to show the highlighting differences

README.md, after:

LuaSublime
==========

A collection of various different support files useful for use when programming in Lua using Sublime Text 2.

Installation
------------

These files should be placed into the Lua package directory. For those on OS X, this can be found at:

`/Users/[USERNAME]/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 2/Packages/Lua`

For Windows, this directory is here:

`C:\\Users\\[USERNAME]\\AppData\\Roaming\\Sublime Text 2\\Packages\\Lua`

Contents
--------

### Syntax Coloring

`Lua.tmLanguage`
`Lua.JSON-tmLanguage`

These files define a language grammar for syntax highlighting lua files. Compared to the one that ships with Sublime Text, you get the following:

- _More tokens_: Things like function calls and variables are now tagged, so they will show up correctly colored.
- _Better scopes_: Most blocks now have some nested scoping support. This means that if you're in an if-block inside a function inside another function, then it knows this. Visually there's no difference, but if you use the expand-scope command then you will find that you'll get far better matches now.

For comparison, here's the old syntax-highlighting with Monokai Bright

![Old](http://github.com/rorydriscoll/LuaSublime/raw/master/OldHighlighting.png)

And here's the new one

![New](http://github.com/rorydriscoll/LuaSublime/raw/master/NewHighlighting.png)

### Build System

`Lua.sublime-build`

This is a build system that runs the current lua file

### Live Parser

`ParseLua.py`

This is a plugin that continually parses the current lua file and highlights any errors by placing a dot in the margin. 

![Syntax Error](http://github.com/rorydriscoll/LuaSublime/raw/master/SyntaxError.png)

Lua appears to stop at the first error, so you should only ever see one dot. The error message will be shown in the status bar.

![Status Bar](http://github.com/rorydriscoll/LuaSublime/raw/master/StatusBar.png)
